well I think if you could get one day
fishing in for every five days of work
it makes work a lot a whole lot easier
my brother been fishing with him since
we were born with twins I'm four minutes
older than he is
so we have a good heated fish fishing
rivalry every time we go fishing I love
to get out on the water and grow up on
the water so any time spent out on the
water is a as a well-spent day been an
interesting ride I've been in the
industry for about 13 years and knew
absolutely nothing about it when I
started and so I just worked hard
learned a lot and paid attention to what
was right and wrong and worked myself up
to owning my own business which I've
owned for about three years now the bulk
majority of what we do is concrete
footings walls and slabs so therefore we
are moving anywhere from one cubic yard
of dirt to five or six thousand cubic
yards of dirt off a industrial or
commercial concrete slab or foundation
building pad I picked caterpillar mainly
due the reputation and I have a arooga
friend who whose father has been buying
caterpillar feet for 40 years and and
he's a big cat guy and through the
reputation and the reliability that he
has experienced with caterpillar
equipment over the last 30 years is what
drove me to pick caterpillar in terms of
my compact equipment and moving forward
with not going to put that trade-in
value or the lump sum value of the
machine after you're done paying it off
is where you make a lot of that money
back with a caterpillar piece of
equipment it's gonna last you and it's
still gonna be worth something with
three or four thousand hours
it gives you a peace of mind and it
gives you a lot more time to be with
your family or go fishing you know or go
hunting or develop more of a routine
with your life you know there's nobody
out there won't tell you that the way
you live your life reflects on how you
run your company so if you can be at
peace or learn how to keep the two at
maximum profitability and happiness /
happiness you've really got something
you know look forward to or to be proud
of